# TODO

Start product server:
cargo run -- --addr '127.0.0.1:8080' --cors-allow-origin 'http://127.0.0.1:3000'

# Roxxies

An inclusive fullstack framework for the masses

Inspired in the easily development enterprise desktop apps from the 90's.

Roxxies / Nineties ?

- No complex coupling
- Simplicity
- Fields binds
- Data model
- Component

https://www.redbubble.com/i/poster/I-Love-The-90s-Retro-Nineties-Pop-Culture-Throwback-by-zenspired/27813876.LVTDI

Web frameworks in Rust don't have goal to deal with common enterprise necessities.
Per example, have a reusable columnar data model, bind data model into visual componentes.

Inclusive and easy access web development for everyone ^1.

^1 Sometime work with libraries in Rust is hard, commonly requires low-level knowledge or a genius mind to understand.

Try achieve facilities to develop enterprise apps like was in teh 90's.
Clipper, Visual Basic, Delphi

# Leptos study project Axum

It showcases Leptos' ability to create both a client-side rendered app, and a server side rendered app with hydration, in a single repository.

## Client Side Rendering

To run it as a Client Side App, you can issue `trunk serve --open` in the root. This will build the entire
app into one CSR bundle. Make sure you have trunk installed with `cargo install trunk`.

## Server Side Rendering with cargo-leptos

cargo-leptos is now the easiest and most featureful way to build server side rendered apps with hydration. It provides automatic recompilation of client and server code, wasm optimisation, CSS minification, and more! Check out more about it [here](https://github.com/akesson/cargo-leptos)

1. Install cargo-leptos

```bash
cargo install --locked cargo-leptos
```

2. Build the site in watch mode, recompiling on file changes

```bash
cargo leptos watch
```

3. When ready to deploy, run

```bash
cargo leptos build --release
```

## Server Side Rendering without cargo-leptos

To run it as a server side app with hydration, you'll need to have wasm-pack installed.

0. Edit the `[package.metadata.leptos]` section and set `site-root` to `"pkg"`. You'll also want to change the path of the `<StyleSheet / >` component in the root component to point towards the CSS file in the root. This tells leptos that the WASM/JS files generated by wasm-pack are available at `./pkg` and that the CSS files are no longer processed by cargo-leptos. Building to alternative folders is not supported at this time.
1. Install wasm-pack

```bash
cargo install wasm-pack
```

2. Build the Webassembly used to hydrate the HTML from the server

```bash
wasm-pack build --target=web --debug --no-default-features --features=hydrate
```

3. Run the server to serve the Webassembly, JS, and HTML

```bash
cargo run --no-default-features --features=ssr
```
